In this folder, we can find several codes used to implement the lane following control on the vehicle, concretely, you will find the following functionalities:

- In the folder [DataGeneration4Pix2Pix](https://github.com/alejandro3141592/Lane-Following-Control/tree/289e808b9ea72980f5e359265666de736f68d3b6/codes/DataGeneration4Pix2Pix) you will find the codes that I used for generating the data to train the pix2pix model, this includes a code to semi-automate the drawing of the lines on the original images and a code to split the data in training, test and validation.
- In the folder [Pix2PixTest](https://github.com/alejandro3141592/Lane-Following-Control/tree/289e808b9ea72980f5e359265666de736f68d3b6/codes/Pix2PixTest) you will find codes to test your pix2pix model in both, a pre-recorded video, and in a real-time video.
- In the folder [Pix2PixTraining](https://github.com/alejandro3141592/Lane-Following-Control/tree/289e808b9ea72980f5e359265666de736f68d3b6/codes/Pix2PixTraining) you will find the code used to train the Pix2Pix model.
- In the folder [SendComandsAMR](https://github.com/alejandro3141592/Lane-Following-Control/tree/289e808b9ea72980f5e359265666de736f68d3b6/codes/SendComandsAMR) you will find a code to read ROS messages and then, sends to the vehicle the corresponding command to control it. There is also a code that tests if the commands are being sent correctly.
- In the folder [SimpleLaneDetection](https://github.com/alejandro3141592/Lane-Following-Control/tree/289e808b9ea72980f5e359265666de736f68d3b6/codes/SimpleLaneDetection) you will find codes to test the Lane Detection algorithm with several variants. There is a code that just applies a simple line detection algorithm to the video captured by the camera. There is another one, that applies the same algorithm but, with the output images of the Pix2Pix architecture. There is another one that applies the algorithm to a pre-recorded video, and finally, there is one that applies the algorithm to a pre-recorded video, but using ROS messages.
